docs/installation/installation-using-docker-macos.md, before:

# Installation Using Docker for MacOS

This solution uses [*docker-sync*](http://docker-sync.io/) (for fast two-way synchronization of the application files between the host machine and Docker volume).

## Requirements
* [GIT](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [PHP](http://php.net/manual/en/install.macosx.php)
* [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-linux-unix-osx)
* [Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (Docker-sync suggests ([in known issue](https://github.com/EugenMayer/docker-sync/issues/517)) to use Docker for Mac in version 17.09.1-ce-mac42 (21090)) 
* [Docker-sync](http://docker-sync.io/) (install via `sudo gem install docker-sync`)

## Steps
### 1. Create new project from Shopsys Framework sources
```
composer create-project shopsys/project-base --stability=alpha --no-install --keep-vcs
cd project-base
```

*Notes:* 
- *The `--no-install` option disables installation of the vendors - this will be done later in the Docker container.*
- *The `--keep-vcs` option initializes GIT repository in your project folder that is needed for diff commands of the application build and keeps the GIT history of `shopsys/project-base`.*
- *The `--stability=alpha` option enables you to install the project from the last alpha release. Default value for the option is `stable` but there is no stable release yet.*

### 1.1 Enable second domain (optional)
There are two domains each for different language in default installation. First one is available via IP adress `127.0.O.1` and second one via `127.0.0.2`.
`127.0.0.2` is not alias of `127.0.0.1` on Mac by default. To create this alias in network interface run:
```
sudo ifconfig lo0 alias 127.0.0.2 up
```

### 2. Create docker-compose.yml and docker-sync.yml
Create `docker-compose.yml` from template [`docker-compose-mac.yml.dist`](../../project-base/docker/conf/docker-compose-mac.yml.dist).
```
cp docker/conf/docker-compose-mac.yml.dist docker-compose.yml
```

Create `docker-sync.yml` from template [`docker-sync.yml.dist`](../../project-base/docker/conf/docker-sync.yml.dist).
```
cp docker/conf/docker-sync.yml.dist docker-sync.yml
```


#### Set the UID and GID to allow file access in mounted volumes
Because we want both the user in host machine (you) and the user running php-fpm in the container to access shared files, we need to make sure that they both have the same UID and GID.
This can be achieved by build arguments `www_data_uid` and `www_data_gid` that should be set to the same UID and GID as your own user in your `docker-compose.yml`.
Also, you need to change `sync_userid` in `docker-sync.yml` file.

You can find out your UID by running `id -u` and your GID by running `id -g`.

Once you get these values, set these values into your `docker-compose.yml` into `php-fpm` container definition by replacing values in `args` section.

Also you need to insert your UID into `docker-sync.yml` into value `sync_userid`.

### 3. Compose Docker container
On MacOS you need to synchronize folders using docker-sync.
Before starting synchronization you need to create a directory for persisting Postgres and Elasticsearch data so you won't lose it when the container is shut down.
```
mkdir -p var/postgres-data var/elasticsearch-data
docker-sync start
```

Then rebuild and start containers
```
docker-compose up -d --build

```

### 5. Setup the application
[Application setup guide](installation-using-docker-application-setup.md)

Commit message:

github token is now passed to containers via argument from docker-compose.yml so users are not prompted to paste it during installation

docs/installation/installation-using-docker-macos.md, after:

# Installation Using Docker for MacOS

This solution uses [*docker-sync*](http://docker-sync.io/) (for fast two-way synchronization of the application files between the host machine and Docker volume).

## Requirements
* [GIT](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [PHP](http://php.net/manual/en/install.macosx.php)
* [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-linux-unix-osx)
* [Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/) (Docker-sync suggests ([in known issue](https://github.com/EugenMayer/docker-sync/issues/517)) to use Docker for Mac in version 17.09.1-ce-mac42 (21090)) 
* [Docker-sync](http://docker-sync.io/) (install via `sudo gem install docker-sync`)

## Steps
### 1. Create new project from Shopsys Framework sources
```
composer create-project shopsys/project-base --stability=alpha --no-install --keep-vcs
cd project-base
```

*Notes:* 
- *The `--no-install` option disables installation of the vendors - this will be done later in the Docker container.*
- *The `--keep-vcs` option initializes GIT repository in your project folder that is needed for diff commands of the application build and keeps the GIT history of `shopsys/project-base`.*
- *The `--stability=alpha` option enables you to install the project from the last alpha release. Default value for the option is `stable` but there is no stable release yet.*

### 1.1 Enable second domain (optional)
There are two domains each for different language in default installation. First one is available via IP adress `127.0.O.1` and second one via `127.0.0.2`.
`127.0.0.2` is not alias of `127.0.0.1` on Mac by default. To create this alias in network interface run:
```
sudo ifconfig lo0 alias 127.0.0.2 up
```

### 2. Create docker-compose.yml and docker-sync.yml
Create `docker-compose.yml` from template [`docker-compose-mac.yml.dist`](../../project-base/docker/conf/docker-compose-mac.yml.dist).
```
cp docker/conf/docker-compose-mac.yml.dist docker-compose.yml
```

Create `docker-sync.yml` from template [`docker-sync.yml.dist`](../../project-base/docker/conf/docker-sync.yml.dist).
```
cp docker/conf/docker-sync.yml.dist docker-sync.yml
```

#### Set the UID and GID to allow file access in mounted volumes
Because we want both the user in host machine (you) and the user running php-fpm in the container to access shared files, we need to make sure that they both have the same UID and GID.
This can be achieved by build arguments `www_data_uid` and `www_data_gid` that should be set to the same UID and GID as your own user in your `docker-compose.yml`.
Also, you need to change `sync_userid` in `docker-sync.yml` file.

You can find out your UID by running `id -u` and your GID by running `id -g`.

Once you get these values, set these values into your `docker-compose.yml` into `php-fpm` container definition by replacing values in `args` section.

Also you need to insert your UID into `docker-sync.yml` into value `sync_userid`.

#### Set the Github token in your docker-compose.yml file
Shopsys Framework includes a lot of dependencies installed via composer. 
During composer install the Github API Rate Limit is reached and it is necessary to provide Github token to overcome this limit.
This token can be generated on [Github -> Settings -> Developer Settings -> Personal access tokens](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?scopes=repo&description=Composer+API+token)
The token save in your `docker-compose.yml` file in `services -> php-fpm -> build -> args -> github_token` (replace the `place-your-token-here` string).

### 3. Compose Docker container
On MacOS you need to synchronize folders using docker-sync.
Before starting synchronization you need to create a directory for persisting Postgres and Elasticsearch data so you won't lose it when the container is shut down.
```
mkdir -p var/postgres-data var/elasticsearch-data
docker-sync start
```

Then rebuild and start containers
```
docker-compose up -d --build

```

### 4. Setup the application
[Application setup guide](installation-using-docker-application-setup.md)
