docs/installation/installation-using-docker-linux.md, before:

# Installation Using Docker for Linux

## Requirements
* [GIT](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [PHP](http://php.net/manual/en/install.unix.php)
* [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-linux-unix-osx)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)

## Steps
### 1. Create new project from Shopsys Framework sources
```
composer create-project shopsys/project-base --stability=alpha --no-install --keep-vcs
cd project-base
```

*Notes:* 
- *The `--no-install` option disables installation of the vendors - this will be done later in the Docker container.*
- *The `--keep-vcs` option initializes GIT repository in your project folder that is needed for diff commands of the application build and keeps the GIT history of `shopsys/project-base`.*
- *The `--stability=alpha` option enables you to install the project from the last alpha release. Default value for the option is `stable` but there is no stable release yet.*
 
### 2. Create docker-compose.yml file
Create `docker-compose.yml` from template [`docker-compose.yml.dist`](../../project-base/docker/conf/docker-compose.yml.dist).
```
cp docker/conf/docker-compose.yml.dist docker-compose.yml
```

*Note: If you don't plan any custom configuration you can create a symlink with a command `ln -s docker/conf/docker-compose.yml.dist docker-compose.yml`.*
*This way your config will always be in sync with the template.*

### 3. Set the UID and GID to allow file access in mounted volumes
Because we want both the user in host machine (you) and user running php-fpm in the container to access shared files, we need to make sure that they both have the same UID and GID.
This can be achieved by build arguments `www_data_uid` and `www_data_gid` that should be set to the UID and GID as your own user in your `docker-compose.yml`.

You can find out your UID by running `id -u` and your GID by running `id -g`.

### 4. Compose Docker container
```
docker-compose up -d --build
```

### 5. Setup the application
[Application setup guide](installation-using-docker-application-setup.md)

Commit message:

github token is now passed to containers via argument from docker-compose.yml so users are not prompted to paste it during installation

docs/installation/installation-using-docker-linux.md, after:

# Installation Using Docker for Linux

## Requirements
* [GIT](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)
* [PHP](http://php.net/manual/en/install.unix.php)
* [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#installation-linux-unix-osx)
* [Docker](https://docs.docker.com/engine/installation/)

## Steps
### 1. Create new project from Shopsys Framework sources
```
composer create-project shopsys/project-base --stability=alpha --no-install --keep-vcs
cd project-base
```

*Notes:* 
- *The `--no-install` option disables installation of the vendors - this will be done later in the Docker container.*
- *The `--keep-vcs` option initializes GIT repository in your project folder that is needed for diff commands of the application build and keeps the GIT history of `shopsys/project-base`.*
- *The `--stability=alpha` option enables you to install the project from the last alpha release. Default value for the option is `stable` but there is no stable release yet.*
 
### 2. Create docker-compose.yml file
Create `docker-compose.yml` from template [`docker-compose.yml.dist`](../../project-base/docker/conf/docker-compose.yml.dist).
```
cp docker/conf/docker-compose.yml.dist docker-compose.yml
```

*Note: If you don't plan any custom configuration you can create a symlink with a command `ln -s docker/conf/docker-compose.yml.dist docker-compose.yml`.*
*This way your config will always be in sync with the template.*

### 3. Set the UID and GID to allow file access in mounted volumes
Because we want both the user in host machine (you) and user running php-fpm in the container to access shared files, we need to make sure that they both have the same UID and GID.
This can be achieved by build arguments `www_data_uid` and `www_data_gid` that should be set to the UID and GID as your own user in your `docker-compose.yml`.

You can find out your UID by running `id -u` and your GID by running `id -g`.

### 4. Set the Github token in your docker-compose.yml file
Shopsys Framework includes a lot of dependencies installed via composer. 
During composer install the Github API Rate Limit is reached and it is necessary to provide Github token to overcome this limit.
This token can be generated on [Github -> Settings -> Developer Settings -> Personal access tokens](https://github.com/settings/tokens/new?scopes=repo&description=Composer+API+token)
The token save in your `docker-compose.yml` file in `services -> php-fpm -> build -> args -> github_token` (replace the `place-your-token-here` string).

### 5. Compose Docker container
```
docker-compose up -d --build
```

### 6. Setup the application
[Application setup guide](installation-using-docker-application-setup.md)
